what's up everybody you may notice that
this video is coming at you from a new
stage within the Travis cafard eSports
studio just kidding but I have some new
gear which we were able to acquire the
beginning of this year courtesy of
viewers like yourself supporting this
content and even some people picking up
some stuff off of our Amazon wishlist so
thank you so much to everybody that
helped out there now this video is all
about the NA LCS because the na LCS is
starting very soon how soon you ask well
we're gonna get into that in this video
all about the five things that you need
to know about the NA LCS before it
starts alright so number one is the
start date and guess what it starts on
January 20th that is a Saturday get into
that in a second but yeah mark your
calendar January 20th is the start date
for na LCS EU LCS starting just before
that if you are interested and number
two is that actually the format has
changed so a lot of different stuff to
take in there one is gone our best of
threes remember best of threes they
showed up in the middle of 2016 and ran
through summer split and spring and
summer last year as well well guess what
right has decided to revert it back to
best of ones which has been throughout
most of the time the format that na LCS
has used so that means that every team
will play every day and they only play
one game in each of their matches so
basically you get a chance to see your
team played one game a day and that's it
and you move on five games total for the
ten different teams and that is the
format that we will be seeing this year
and of course because of that that means
there's less games so you don't need to
have Friday matches anymore so na LCS is
only two days instead of three so that's
everything to do with the format changes
now number three by the way is a time
change
so while na LCS is only saturdays and
sundays and most of everything is going
to look the way it did all the way up
until summer of 2016 we will see a time
change so na LCS on the weekends has
almost always started at
but this year it's actually a start at 2
2 p.m. I think that they're trying to
help EU LCS out a little bit there so I
I mean I personally would like to have
my days on the weekends and a little
earlier but I'm sure some folks will be
excited to see the games go a little bit
later so yes January 20th best of ones
starting at 2 p.m. number 4 well 4 is a
perfect number for this topic because
guess what 4 teams are out and 4 teams
are in that's right during the break
franchising took over you might have
heard about this a little bit and
unfortunately for them Dignitas NV
Phoenix won and immortals are out yep
that's right even immortals and you have
4 brand-new teams you've got golden
Guardians clutch optic and hundred
thieves and guess what all those guys
have interesting stories behind them
some sports teams some existing eSports
guys and you can go check out the video
that I did all about that if you want to
know more but those are the four teams
that are out and the four teams that are
in finally for number five we've got
maybe the most complex one which is the
whole franchising business changes
that's right I mentioned before that
franchising came in
well now that means that all these teams
are underneath a permanent partnership
with the team there's revenue sharing
behind the scenes the teams have some
sort of Players Association basically
everyone has to work together now just
trying to make this thing work and that
means that there's gonna be a lot of
pressure on all the different teams to
perform both on the rift and off the
rift from a business perspective so it's
gonna be really interesting to see how
all that stuff happens and possibly even
remember that whole BAM tech deal that
was supposed to take place basically
over a year ago now expecting that to
come in within the next six months or so
so very very fascinating to see more
sponsors potentially all sorts of stuff
happening and with all that starting on
January 20th we decided to say that I
will be there myself doing interviews so
if you like this type of content you
like my interviews with players feel
free please subscribe and also if you
want supporting in this content there's
a couple links in the description travis
gaffer TOCOM slash support as well as my
patreon which is patreon.com slash
travis cafard you can help me out
because of course
everyone's running out of luck you all
know it thanks so much for watching and
hope see you next time please support
Travis he's he's struggling now he's a
struggling gay